Date the data was collected: 10/10/2022
Time the data was collected for arrival and order: 11:00:15 to 11:30:15
Time the data was collected for payment and pickup: 11:36:45 to 12:06:45

Notes on how I collected data: I collected data in two thirty minute sections. The arrival time was when a car 
pulled into the drive-through line. Order station start was when they pulled up to the order station, and order 
station end was when they started driving to the pickup window (it was not backed up so much between 11 and 
11:30 that a car finished ordering and was stuck at the order station). Pickup start was when a car pulled up 
to the pickup window, and pickup end was when the window to hand them food closed or when the car drove forward 
(whatever was visible or sooner). Payment start was when a car pulled up to the payment window, and payment end 
was when the car started driving away.

I typed my data points out on my laptop and based the time things happened on the absolute time that was 
streaming on my phone. 

Anomoly One: One of the order stations was closed (cones in front of it), so I only observed the data of the 
one order station that was operating. 

Anomoly Two: The final car at the pick-up window was there for an unusually long time, so I have one more data 
point for payments over pick-ups (since the time slot ended right when the car at the pick-up window was done, 
and the last car's data at the payment window could not collect their order at the pick-up window in the time 
slot). 

Miscellaneous: The only issue I ran into while collecting data were certain very fast moments during the 
11:36:45 to 12:06:45 time slot that were hard to keep up with (collecting data when a car moves to / leaves 
from the pick-up window at the same time as a car moving to / leaving from the payment window). Some of 
these points may be seconds off due to the speed of things. I still think the data points are all useful, 
but wanted to be transparent about this particular difficuly (this happened two times during this slot).